---
layout:     post
title:      "Lesson 1-Unit 2 4/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-26
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 1-Unit 2 4/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

Here are four cities.

Beijing is in China.

London is in England.

Tokyo is in Japan.

Paris is in France.

Beijing and Tokyo are both in Asia.

London and Paris are both in Europe.

Europe `英  ['jʊrəp]   美  ['jʊrəp]
n. 欧洲`

In France, people speak French.

French `英  [fren(t)ʃ]
adj. 法国的；法语的；法国人的
n. 法国人；法语`

In China, people speak Chinese.

In Japan, people speak Japanese.

In England, people speak English.

This is Europe.

There are many countries in Europe.

France, Italy and Germany are all in Europe.

Germany `英  ['dʒɜːmənɪ]   美  ['dʒɝməni]
n. 德国`

People in these countries speak different languages.

They don't speak the same language.

The French speak French.

The Italians speak Italian.

The Germans speak German.

There are many different languages.

In Europe and Asia, many students study English.

English is their second language.

Many people can speak two languages.

Right now, you are studying English.

This is North America.

There are three countries in North America.

Canada, the US and Mexico are all in North America.

Mexico `英  ['meksɪkəʊ]   美  ['mɛksɪko]
n. 墨西哥`

Canada is north of the US.

The US is south of Canada.

Maxico is south of the US.

In Maxico, people speak Spanish.

Spanish `英  ['spænɪʃ]   美  ['spænɪʃ]
adj. 西班牙的；西班牙人的；西班牙语的
n. 西班牙语；西班牙人`

In Canada and the US, people speak English.

## Vocabulary

a school. Students study at school.

an apartment building. An apartment building has many apartments.

a house. Some people live in big houses.

a sidewalk. People walk on a sidewalk.

sidewalk `英  ['saɪdwɔːk]   美  ['saɪdwɔk]
n. 人行道`

a street. People drive cars on a street.

a red book. This book is red.

a green book. This book is green.

a big chair. This is a big chair.

a little chair. This chair is litte.

a tall man. This man is tall and thin.

a short man. This man is short and heavy.

It's morning. 

People get up in the morning.

It's afternoon.

People eat lunch in the afternoon.

It's evening.

People eat dinner in the evening.

It's night.

People sleep at night.

It's day time.

It's night time.

It's dark at night.

## Dialogue

Hi, Dan.

Hi, Tina.

Here are some questions for you.

Sure. go ahead.

First, where are you from?

I am from the US.

I live in San Francisco.

Do you have a family?

Yes, I do.

I have a wife and two children.

What's your wife's name?

My wife's name is Sally.

She is Chinese.

She is Chinese?

Yes, She's from Beijing.

What about your children?

I have a boy, Hunrry, and a girl, Lily.

How old are they?

Hunrry is 7 and Lily is 5.

What do you do?

What do I do?

Yes, what's your job.

I am a pilot.

pilot `英  ['paɪlət]   美  ['paɪlət]
n. 飞行员；领航员
adj. 试点的
v. 驾驶；领航；试用`

I fly airplanes.

airplane `英  ['eəpleɪn]   美  [ˈerpleɪn]
n. 飞机`

That's interseting.

Yes, it is.

I like my job.

What language do you speak?

I can speak several languages.

several `英  [ˈsevrəl]   美  [ˈsevrəl]
adj. 几个的；各自的
pron. 几个；数个`

What are they?

I can speak French, Spanish and a little Chinese.

That's great. Thanks, Dan.

You are welcome.

Hi, I am Dan.

I live in San Francisco.

I live there with my family.

I have a wife and two children.

I can speak several languages.

It's nice to meet you.




