---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 2-Unit 2 3/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-11-13
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 2-Unit 2 3/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is Ben's weekly schedule.

On weekdays he goes to school from 8:00 am until 3:30 pm.

He usually has basketball practice after school.

On Mondays his team practices for 2 hours.

They practice from 3:45 until 5:45.

On Tuesdays and Thursdays they practice for an hour and a half.

They finish practicing around 5:15.

On Wednesdays they practice until 6:00.

On Fridays they have a short practice.

They finish at 5:00, so he can go home early.

On Saturday, they have their games.

They play against other schools.

The games are in the afternoon.

This year their team isn't doing well.

Their record is three wins and four losses.

record `n. 纪录`

Ben never has practice on Sundays.

On Sundays he does homework.

In the afternoon he and his family spend time together.

Sometimes they watch a movie.

Sometimes they just stay at home.

Ben likes to play chess with his father.

chess `英  [tʃes]   美  [tʃɛs]
n. 国际象棋，西洋棋`

His father is a good chess player.

Ken is a taxi driver.

He and his wife live in Tokyo.

Ken is 40 years old.

His wife, Seco, is a nurse.

She works in a hospital.

Ken owns his own taxi.

His schedule varies.

vary `英  ['veərɪ]   美  [ˈveri]
vi. 变化；变异；违反
vt. 改变；使多样化；变奏`

It changes everyday.

On rainy days he works for 8 hours.

It's easy to get passengers on rainy days.

On other days he works for 5 or 6 hours.

He usually works 5 or 6 days a week.

He never works on Sundays.

He prefers to work on night, from 6 until midnight.

prefer `英  [prɪ'fɜː]   美  [prɪ'fɝ]
vt. 更喜欢；宁愿；提出；提升
vi. 喜欢；愿意`

There is less traffic at night.

That means there are fewer cars on the road.

During the day, there is a lot of traffic.

traffic `英  ['træfɪk]   美  ['træfɪk]
n. 交通；运输；贸易；[通信] 通信量
vt. 用…作交换；在…通行`

The streets are crowded with too many cars.

crowded `英  ['kraʊdɪd]   美  ['kraʊdɪd]
adj. 拥挤的；塞满的
v. 拥挤（crowd的过去分词）`

Too many cars on the road means heavy traffic.

Ken doesn't like driving in heavy traffic.

The traffic doesn't move.

There are too many cars.

Ken likes being a taxi driver.

He likes to talk to his passengers.

passenger `英  ['pæsɪndʒə]   美  [pæsndʒɚ]
n. 旅客；乘客；过路人；碍手碍脚的人`

Most passengers are very nice.

Some of them are very interesting.

They come from different countries.

They have different kinds of jobs.

unfortunately some passengers are very rude.

unfortunately `英  [ʌnˈfɔːtʃənətli]   美  [ʌn'fɔrtʃənətli]
adv. 不幸地`

They get angry and are not polite.

angry `英  ['æŋgrɪ]   美  ['æŋɡri]
adj. 生气的；愤怒的；狂暴的；（伤口等）发炎的`

They never say 'please' or 'thank you'.

They want him to drive fast even in heavy traffic.

It's not possible to drive fast in heavy traffic.

And they don't say 'thank you' when they leave.

## Vocabulary

leave

They are leaving home in the morning.

return

They are returning home in the evening.

arrive

He is arriving at work in the morning.

work

She is working at her desk in an office.

talking

He is talking with his friend on the phone.

listening

She is listening to music.

a happy face

She's smiling because she's happy.

a sad face

She has a sad face because she's sad.

an angry face

This person is angry.

angry `英  ['æŋgrɪ]   美  ['æŋɡri]
adj. 生气的；愤怒的；狂暴的；（伤口等）发炎的`

afraid

This man is afraid of sth.

tired

This man is tired because he doesn't get enough sleep.

a box

This box has 3 dimensions, length, width and height.

dimension `英  [dɪ'menʃ(ə)n; daɪ-]   美  [dəˈmɛnʃən, daɪ-]
n. 方面;[数] 维；尺寸；次元；容积 vt. 标出尺寸
adj. 规格的`

Its length and width are both 1 centimeter.

Its height is 1.5 centimeters.

a gray ball

This ball weights one kilogram or 2.2 pounds.

kilogram `英  [ˈkɪləɡræm]   美  ['kɪləɡræm]
n. 公斤；千克`

This car's speed is 60 miles per hour or about 97 kilograms an hour.

two moving cars

These two cars are moving in the opposite direction.

opposite `英  ['ɒpəzɪt; -sɪt]   美  [ˈɑpəzɪt; ˈɑpəsɪt]
adj. 相反的；对面的；对立的
n. 对立面；反义词
prep. 在…的对面
adv. 在对面`

direction `英  [dɪˈrɛkʃən; daɪ-]   美  [dəˈrɛkʃən; (also) daɪˈrɛkʃən]
n. 方向；指导；趋势；用法说明`

The red car is going west, and the green car is going east.

two purses

purse `英  [pɜːs]   美  [pɝs]
n. (女士)手提袋；(国家、家庭、团体等的) 财力
vt. （嘴巴）皱起，使缩拢；撅嘴`

These two purses look the same, but their cost is quite different.

The purse on the left costs 100 dollers more than the purse on the right.

## Dialogue

Good evening, where do you want to go?

I want to go to the train station.

I mean a hurry.

My train leaves in an hour.

Which train station? The east station or the west station?

It's east station.

Oh, the traffic is very bad now.

It's going to take time.

How much time?

Maybe 14 minutes.

Please hurry!

I don't want to miss my train.

Driver, can you go any faster?

Sorry sir, the traffice isn't moving.

