---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 1-Unit 2 3/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-25
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 1-Unit 2 3/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is Lisa Jackson.

This is her family.

These are her parents.

This is her father.

Her father's name is Bill.

Bill is white.

This is her mother.

Her mother's name is Helen.

Helen is black.

Their family is Jackson.

Lisa has a sister, but no brother.

Her sister's name is Angela.

Angela is 9 years old.

Here are Lisa's grandparents.

They are her father's parents.

This is her grandfather.

Her grandfather is 70 years old.

This is her grandmother.

Her grandmother is 65 years old.

Her other grandparents live in France.

They are both 72 years old.

Lisa and her family live in Shanghai.

They live in an apartment in Shanghai.

Their apartment is on the 5th floor.

Her parents are teachers.

Her father teaches English to adults.

Her mother teaches English to children.

Lisa and her sister are students.

They go to school.

Lisa is in the 7th grade.

## Vocabulary

It's sunny weather.

It's raining.

It's cloudy today.

cloudy `英  ['klaʊdɪ]   美  ['klaʊdi]
adj. 多云的；阴天的；愁容满面的`

It's hot.

It's cold.

walk to the door

wait for the elevator

run to the bus

ride a bicycle

throw a ball

throw `英  [θrəʊ]   美  [θroʊ]
vt. 投；抛；掷
vi. 抛；投掷
n. 投掷；冒险`

catch a ball

students

students study

teachers. a teacher teaches.

a school. Teachers teach in schools.

a classroom. Students study in classrooms at school.

coach `英  [kəʊtʃ]   美  [kəʊtʃ]
n. 教练；旅客车厢；长途公车；四轮大马车
vt. 训练；指导
vi. 作指导；接受辅导；坐马车旅行
n.  蔻驰（皮革品牌）`

Coach teaches sports.

## Dialogue

Tom is a boy.

He and Lisa go to the same school.

They are friends.

Hi, Lisa.

Hi, Tom.

How are you today?

I'm fine. I really like this weather.

Yes, it's nice weather.

I like sunny weather.

I do, too.

So, today. I have some questions for you, OK?

Sure.

First, Could you tell me about your family?

Ok.

There are 4 people in my family.

My parents, me and my sister.

You don't have any brothers?

Right. I don't have any brothers.

What do your parents do?

My parents are both teachers.

What do they teach?

They both teach English.

How old is your sister?

My sister is 9 years old.

How old are you?

I am 12.

What about you?

I am 12, the same age as you.

Yes, we are the same age, but we come from different countries.

You come from Australia and I come from the US.

Yeath. So we both speak English.

How is your Chinese?

It's ok, but not great.

How is yours?

It's good.

Hey, what time is it?

It's 4 oclock.

oclock `n. 点钟`

It's time to go home.

Me, too. See you tomorrow.

See you.


