---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 2-Unit 1 5/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-11-08
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 2-Unit 1 5/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is Ben Haris.

He and his family live in Toronto, Canada.

Toronto `英  [təˈrɒntəʊ]   美  [tə'rɑnto]
n. 多伦多（加拿大城市）`

Ben has an older brother, Jeff.

Jeff is 15 years old.

Ben also has a younger sister, Maggie.

She is 8 years old.

This is Ben's father, Paul.

Paul owns his own business.

They are Italian restaurants.

Italian `英  [ɪˈtælɪən]  美  [ɪˈtæljən]
adj. 意大利的；意大利文化的；意大利语的
n. 意大利人；意大利语`

His business is good.

His business is very good.

So he earns a lot of money.

They live in a very large house.

It's a very expensive house.

They have two cars.

Both cars are expensive cars.

Ben's mother, Cathy, doesn't have a job.

She takes care of their home.

She also takes care of their garden.

Their garden is behind their house.

She grows flowers and vegetables.

She is also an excellent cook.

excellent `英  ['eks(ə)l(ə)nt]   美  ['ɛksələnt]
adj. 卓越的；极好的；杰出的`

She can cook many different kinds of food.

She can cook Italian and French food.

She can also cook Indian food.

Indian `英  ['ɪndɪən]   美  ['ɪndɪən]
adj. 印度的；印第安人的；印第安语的
n. 印度人；印第安人；印第安语`

Ben likes sports.

He wants to be a hockey player.

hockey `英  ['hɒkɪ]   美  ['hɑki]
n. 曲棍球；冰球`

He doesn't like school, but he wants a sports scholarship.

scholarship `英  ['skɒləʃɪp]   美  ['skɑlɚʃɪp]
n. 奖学金；学识，学问`

scholar `英  ['skɒlə]   美  ['skɑlɚ]
n. 学者；奖学金获得者`

So he studies hard and exercises every day.

exercise `英  ['eksəsaɪz]   美  ['ɛksɚsaɪz]
n. 运动；练习；运用；操练；礼拜；典礼
vt. 锻炼；练习；使用；使忙碌；使惊恐
vi. 运动；练习`

Jeff doesn't like sports.

He wants to be a doctor.

He wants to go to a great university.

university `英  [juːnɪ'vɜːsɪtɪ]   美  [,junɪ'vɝsəti]
n. 大学；综合性大学；大学校舍`

Maggie wants to be an actress.

actress `英  ['æktrɪs]   美  ['æktrɪs]
n. 女演员`

She takes dance lessons.

She also likes to sing.

She wants to be a famous movie star.

## Vocabulary

It's windy today.

The wind is blowing.

It's raining.

It is raining, so take an umbrella.

It's cloudy weather.

It's cloudy, so we can't see the sun.

It's cold today.

It's cold, so wear a coat.

smog `英  [smɒg]   美  [smɑːɡ]
n. 烟雾`

It's smoggy, so wear a mask.

cross a street.

They are crossing a street.

Look at sth.

He is looking at a clock.

walk through

He is walking throught the doorway.

doorway `英  ['dɔːweɪ]   美  ['dɔr'we]
n. 门口；途径`

run around

They are running around a track.

track `英  [træk]   美  [træk]
n. 轨道；足迹，踪迹；小道
vt. 追踪；通过；循路而行；用纤拉
vi. 追踪；走；留下足迹`

go into

He is going into a room.

come out

She is comming out of a room.

sitting on a bench

She is sitting on a bench.

standing in an elevator

He is standing in an elevator.

pushing the door open

She is pushing the door open.

pulling the door open.

She is pulling the door open.

sitting at a table

He is sitting at a table.

## Dialogue

Would you like to have a breakfast together?

Sure, let's have breakfast together.

breakfast `英  ['brekfəst]   美  ['brɛkfəst]
n. 早餐；早饭
vi. 吃早餐
vt. 为…供应早餐`

Do you know a good place?

Yes, there is a nice coffee shop in the shopping center.

Which shopping center?

The shopping center on 1st Avenue.

avenue `英  ['æv(ə)njuː]   美  ['ævənu]
n. 大街；林荫大道；[比喻](达到某物的)途径，手段，方法，渠道`

It's near the subway stop.

Oh, I know that one, there is a Starbucks there too.

Starbucks `n. 星巴克（咖啡店名）；星巴克（集团公司名）`

Yes, there is, but I like the other shop.

There are too many people at Starbucks.

Ok, can we get a good breakfast there?

I think so and it's not expensive.

What do you like for breakfast?

I like eggs for breakfast.

Me too.

They have eggs with potatoes and toast.

toast `英  [təʊst]   美  [tost]
n. 干杯；烤面包；接受敬酒的人；（在某领域）广受赞誉的人
vt. 向…祝酒，为…干杯
vi. 烤火，取暖；使暖和；烘烤（面包片等）`

Great, I like potatoes with my eggs.

Do you drink coffee with your breakfast?

I usually have coffee with my breakfast.

What about you?

No, I don't have coffee.

I usually have tea.

Is there anything else you like?

Yes, there is.

I usually have fruit juice, like orange juice.

juice `英  [dʒuːs]   美  [dʒus]
n. （水果）汁，液；果汁`

How about you?

Me too.

Ok, let's go.

Let's take the subway.

Hey, wait a minute.

I don't have my subway card.

Where is it?

It's in my apartment, in my coat.

I'll be right back.

Great, I am getting hungry.

