---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 1-Unit 1 3/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-20
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 1-Unit 1 3/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is Dan.

Hello, my name is Dan.

Dan is a man.

He comes from the U.S.

This is Tina.

Hi, my name is Tina.

Tina is a woman.

She comes from China.

Where does Tina come from?

This is Ben.

Hello, my name is Ben.

Ben is a boy.

He comes from Canada.

This is Lisa.

Hello, my name is Lisa.

Lisa is a girl.

She comes from the U.S.

Dan comes from the US. and Tina comes from China.

They come from different countries.

They don't come from the same country.

Ben comes from Canada and Lisa comes from the US.

They come from different countries.

Dan and Lisa come from the US.

They come from the same country.

Do Dan and Lisa come from the same country?

Yes.

Here are three people, two men and a woman.

They are adults.

adult `英  ['ædʌlt; ə'dʌlt]   美  ['ædʌlt]
adj. 成年的；成熟的
n. 成年人`

They are not children.

Here are three people, two girls and a boy.

They are children.

They are not adults.

## Vocabulary

This is a chair.

People sit on chairs.

This is a door.

People open and close doors.

This is a window.

This window is open.

This is a window.

This widow is closed.

two books. People read books.

three pencils. People write with pencils.

Listen to the sentences and repeat after it.

a bathroom

an elevator

a clock

a watch

a hand

two hands. Here are two hands.

a foot. This is a foot.

two feet. Here are two feet.

an arm. This is an arm

a leg. This is a leg.

sit down

stand up

close the door

open the door

pick up the keys

put down the keys

## Dialogue

Hi, my name is Dan.

I come from the US.

Where do you come from?

Hi, my name is Tina.

I come from China.

Who is that?

That's Kim.

Where does she come from?

She comes from Korea.

Korea `英  [kə'rɪə]   美  [kə'rɪr]
n. 韩国；朝鲜`

Hi, my name is Kim.

I come from Korea.

Do you both come from the US?

No, we don't.

We come from different countries.

I come from China and he comes from the US.

What is your name?

What is my name?

My name is Ben.

Do you come from the US?

Do I come from the US?

No, I don't. I don't come from the US.

Where do you come from?

Where do I come from?

I come from Canada.


