---
layout:     post
title:      "Lesson 1-Unit 2 2/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-24
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 1-Unit 2 2/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is Ben Harris.

This is his family.

These are his parents.

This is his father.

His father's name is Paul.

This is his mother.

His mother's name is Cathy.

Their family name is Harris.

This is Ben's brother.

His name is Jeff.

He is 15 years old.

This is Ben's sister.

Her name is Maggie.

She is 8 years old.

Here are Ben's grandparents.

They are his mother's parents.

This is his grandfather.

His grandfather is 65 years old.

This is his grandmother.

His grandmather is 62 years old.

His other grandparents are dead.

They died in a car accident.

accident `英  ['æksɪdənt]   美  ['æksədənt]
n. 事故；意外；[法] 意外事件；机遇`

Ben and his family live in Toronto.

They live in a house.

His grandparents don't live with them.

They live in an apartment.

apartment `英  [ə'pɑːtm(ə)nt]   美  [ə'pɑrtmənt]
n. 公寓；房间`

## Vocabulary

It's morning.

Good morning.

It's afternoon.

Good afternoon.

It's evening.

Good evening.(傍晚好)

It's night.

Good night.

It's day time.

The sun is up.

It's night time.

The sun is down.

eyes, we see with our eyes.

ears, we hear with ears.

a nose. We smell with our nose.

smell `英  [smel]   美  [smɛl]
vi. 嗅，闻；有…气味
vt. 嗅，闻；察觉到；发出…的气味
n. 气味，嗅觉；臭味`

a mouth. We eat with our mouth.

mouth `英  [maʊθ]   美  [maʊθ]
n. 口，嘴；河口
vt. 做作地说，装腔作势地说；喃喃地说出
vi. 装腔作势说话`

hands. We touch things with our hands.

It's morning. m-o-r-n-i-n-g

It's afternoon. a-f-t-e-r-n-o-o-n

It's evening. e-v-e-n-i-n-g

It's night. n-i-g-h-t

Draw a line.

turn on the light

turn off the light

draw a map

take out your phone

put away your phone

## Dialogue

Hello, Ben.

Hello, Lisa.

I have some questions for you.

Sure, what are they about?

They are about your family.

Ok.

Your family lives in Toronto, right?

Yes, we live in Toronto.

How many people are there in your family?

There are 5 people in my family.

Do you have any brothers or sisters?

Yes, I do.

I have one brother and one sister.

So, your parents have 3 children, right?

Right, two boys plus one girl equals three children.

You math is good, Ben.

gym `英  [dʒɪm]   美  [dʒɪm]
n. 健身房；体育；体育馆`

gymnasium `英  [dʒɪm'neɪzɪəm]   美  [dʒɪm'nezɪəm]
n. 体育馆；健身房`

And here is the last question.

Do you live in a house or an apartment?

We live in a house.

Thanks, Ben.

You are welcome.

Hi, Lisa.

Yes.

Can I have your phone number?

Sure. 186 0163 7478

What's yours?

My number is 408 905 7771

You can send me a message.

message `英  ['mesɪdʒ]   美  ['mɛsɪdʒ]
n. 消息；差使；启示；预言；广告词
vi. 报信，报告；[通信] 报文
vt. 通知`

massage `英  ['mæsɑːʒ; mə'sɑːʒ; -dʒ]   美  [mə'sɑʒ]
vt. 按摩；揉
n. 按摩；揉`

Great!

## Letters and Numbers

One fifteen

Eleven twenty

Five past seven

Ten past eight

Nine fifty-five

Ten minutes to ten

Twenty-five minutes to three

Eight five

Eleven twenty-five

quarter `英  ['kwɔːtə]   美  ['kwɔrtɚ]
n. 四分之一；地区；季度；一刻钟；两角五分；节
vi. 住宿；驻扎
vt. 将…四等分；供某人住宿
num. 四分之一`

fifth

tenth

half



