---
layout:     post
title:      "Lesson 1-Unit 1 5/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-22
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 1-Unit 1 5/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is Dan.

He comes from the US.

He is American.

American `英  [əmerɪkən]   美  [əˈmɛrɪkən]
n. 美国人，美洲人；美国英语
adj. 美国的，美洲的；地道美国式的`

He is = He's

This is Tina.

She is from China.

She is = She's

She is Chinese.

This is Ben.

Ben comes from Canada.

He doesn't come from the US.

He is Canadian.

Canadian `英  [kə'neɪdɪən]   美  [kə'nedɪən]
adj. 加拿大（人）的
n. 加拿大人`

This is Lisa.

Lisa comes from the US.

She and Dan come from the US.

They are Americans.

They don't come from China.

Lisa comes from the US, but she lives in China.

She doesn't live in the US.

She lives in Shanghai.

Shanghai is a city in China.

Ben is from Canada and he lives in Canada.

He lives in Toronto.

Toronto is a city in Canada.

Here are three people, two men and a woman.

There are two men, there is one woman.

Here are four countries, France, Italy, Japan and India.

Italy `英  ['ɪtəlɪ]   美  ['ɪtəlɪ]
n. 意大利（欧洲南部国家）`

India `英  ['ɪndɪə]   美  ['ɪndɪə]
n. 印度（南亚国家）`

France and Italy are in Europe.

They are European countries.

European `英  [jʊərə'piːən]   美  ['jʊrə'piən]
adj. 欧洲的；欧洲人的
n. 欧洲人`

Japan and India are in Asia.

Asia `英  [ˈeɪʒə;ˈeɪʃə]   美  [ˈeʒə;ˈeʃə]
n. 亚洲`

They are Asian countries.

Asian `英  ['eiʃən]   美  [ˈeʒən, ˈeʃən]
n. 亚洲人
adj. 亚洲的；亚洲人的`

China is also an Asian country.

## Vocabulary

a circle

a line

a box

a bag

a triangle

triangle `英  ['traɪæŋg(ə)l]   美  ['traɪæŋɡl]
n. 三角（形）；三角关系；三角形之物；三人一组`

c-i-r-c-l-e

l-i-n-e

b-o-x

b-a-g

t-r-i-a-n-g-l-e

go in to the bathroom

come out of the bathroom

go in to the elevator

come out of the elevator

wait for the elevator

Spanish

Spanish is the language of Spain.

Spain `英  [spein]   美  [spen]
n. 西班牙`

Chinese

People speak Chinese in China.

Japanese

In Japan, people speak Japanese.

English

People in Australia speak English.

Australia `英  [ɒ'streɪlɪə]   美  [ɔ'streljə]
n. 澳大利亚，澳洲`

French

French is the language of France.

turn left

turn right

go straight

stop

turn around

sunny weather

rainy weather

cloudy weather

cold weather

hot weather

It's raining.

It's hot.

It's sunny.

It's cold.

It's cloudy weather.

## Dialogue

Good morning, Tina.

How are you today?

I'm fine, thanks.

How about you?

I'm fine. It's my birthday today.

Really? Well happy birthday, Dan.

Thanks, Tina.

Oh, how old are you, Dan?

I'm 34 years old today.

Have a great day.

You too, Tina.

Goodbay.

Byebye.

Hello, my name is Ben.

I am from Canada.

I live in Toronto.

I am 12 years old.

I speak two languages. English and French.

It's nice to meet you.

Excuse me? May I ask you some questions?

Sure.

Thanks.

Question no.1

What's your name?

What's my name?

My name is Ben.

Question no.2

Where are you from?

Where am I from?

I'm from Canada.

Question no.3

How old are you?

How old am I?

I'm 12 years old.

Question no.4, the last question.

What languages do you speak?

What language do I speak?

I speak English and French.

Thank you.

You are welcome.

Hi, my name is Kim.

I come from Korea.

Do you both come from the US?

NO, we don't. We come from different countries.

I come from China and he comes from the US.

