---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 2-Unit 1 2/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-11-03
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 2-Unit 1 2/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

The Jackson's apartment is fairly large.

It has two bedrooms and two bathrooms.

There is also a large living room.

There is a piano in the living room.

They sleep in their bedrooms.

Their mother, Halon, can play the piano.

She can play fairly well.

Their father, Bill, likes to sing.

But he doesn't sing very well.

Lisa loves music.

She plays the violin.

She practices everyday.

With practice, she's getting better.

practice `英  ['præktɪs]   美  ['præktɪs]
n. 实践；练习；惯例
vi. 练习；实习；实行
vt. 练习；实习；实行`

Lisa's parents both have jobs.

They are English teachers.

Her mother teaches English to children.

Her father teaches English to adults.

adult `英  ['ædʌlt; ə'dʌlt]   美  ['ædʌlt]
adj. 成年的；成熟的
n. 成年人`

They both teach at schools.

They don't teach at the same school.

Halon teaches at a primary school.

primary `英  ['praɪm(ə)rɪ]   美  ['praɪmɛri]
adj. 主要的；初级的；基本的
n. 原色；最主要者`

Her students are between 7 and 9 years old.

Bill teaches at a small university.

His students are at least 18 years old.

university `英  [juːnɪ'vɜːsɪtɪ]   美  [,junɪ'vɝsəti]
n. 大学；综合性大学；大学校舍`

## Vocabulary

a bedroom

People sleep in a bedroom.

a bathroom

People take bath in a bathroom.

a living room.

People watch television in a living room.

television `英  ['telɪvɪʒ(ə)n; telɪ'vɪʒ(ə)n]   美  [tɛləˌvɪʒən]
n. 电视，电视机；电视业`

a kitchen

People cook food in a kitchen.

A dining room.

dine `英  [daɪn]   美  [daɪn]
vi. 进餐，用餐
vt. 宴请`

People eat food in a dining room.

This side

The boy is on this side of the table.

The other side

The girl is on the other side of the table.

the same side

They are on the same side of the street.

the opposite side

opposite `英  ['ɒpəzɪt; -sɪt]   美  [ˈɑpəzɪt; ˈɑpəsɪt]
adj. 相反的；对面的；对立的
n. 对立面；反义词
prep. 在…的对面
adv. 在对面`

They are on opposite sides of the street.

next to

They are standing next to each other.

across form

They are sitting across from each other. `他们彼此坐在对面。`

buy it

She is buying a dress.

sell it

This shop sells flowers.

pay someone

Pay the taxi driver.

give it

give money to someone.

steal it

steal `英  [stiːl]   美  [stil]
vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃
vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；偷垒
n. 偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；断球`

He is stealing her phone.

Give money to someone.

## Dialogue

Good morining, Tom. How are hou today?

Good morning, Lisa. I am fine.

I like this sunny weather.

Me, too.

What's your first class today.

My first class is math.

Do you like math?

Yes, I do. What about you?

No, I don't. I am not very good at math.

What are you good at?

I am good at languages.

Do you read a lot?

Yes, I do. I love to read.

Anything slse?

Not really. What about you? What are you good at?

I can play basketball. I really like it.

You are tall, so that's good, right?

Yes, I am tall. But I am also fast.

Do you like sports?

Not so much.

What do you like?

I like musice, I play the violin.

Are you good at it?

No, not yet.

But I practice everyday.

I am getting better.

Great.

Ok, see you later, Tom.

Bye, Lisa.

Hi, Tom.

Hi, Lisa.

Do you have any brothers or sisters?

No, I don't have brothers or sisters.

Do you have a pet?

A pet? Do you mean a dog or a cat.

Yes, we have a dog.

We hate

We have a cat.

Oh, I llike cats but mu mum does't.

What's your cat name.

Its name is name.

Oh, It's a girl cat.

Yes, That's right.

Yes, that's right.

What 's doesn't mimi
 likes to do.

Do you have licture office.

Yes, I hava a picture on my phone.

Wow, she's a beautifuy.

Let's made at the source entrances.

It's about 3 hours arount the shopping centre.

avenue `  美  ['ævənu]
n. 大街；林荫大道；[比喻](达到某物的)途径，手段，方法，渠道`

Ok, what time do you want to meet.

Le's made at 12:00

What do you want to eat?

I doesn't know. What's kind food do you like.

How about pizza?

pizza `英  ['piːtsə; 'pɪtsə]   美  ['pitsə]
n. 比萨饼（一种涂有乳酪核番茄酱的意大利式有馅烘饼）`

There's a good pizza restaurant in the shopping center.

It's about 50 meters north of the shopping center.

Let's meet at 12:30, ok?

Excuse me. Which way is the subway from here.

There are 2 subway stops near here.

Which hile do you want?

I want lighten.

Which side are we now?

Where is the next side.

Thanks a lot.

You are welcome.

Go south on 1st avenue.

avenue `英  ['æv(ə)njuː]   美  ['ævənu]
n. 大街；林荫大道；[比喻](达到某物的)途径，手段，方法，渠道`

So 200 meters south, then cross the street.

Which side are we on now?

We're on the west side.

