---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 1-Unit 2 5/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-31
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 1-Unit 2 5/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is Lisa Jackson.

Her full name is Lisa Marie Jackson.

Lisa is her first name.

Her middle name is Marie.

Her last name is Jackson.

Lisa's mother comes from France.

She can speak two languages, English and French.

And now she's studying Chinese.

Lisa's father comes from the US.

He can speak English and a little Spanish.

And now he's studying Chinese.

Lisa and her sister go to the same school.

In school they speak Chinese.

Their Chinese is very good.

At home they speak English.

Their parent's Chinese isn't very good.

They study many subjects in school.

They study science and math.

science `英  ['saɪəns]   美  ['saɪəns]
n. 科学；技术；学科；理科`

They study English and Chinese.

They study other subjects too.

Angela is good at math and science.

She's also good at sports.

She can run very fast.

She can jump rope.

rope `英  [rəʊp]   美  [rop]
n. 绳，绳索
vt. 捆，绑
vi. 拧成绳状`

She isn't good at art.

Her drawings aren't very good.

Lisa likes languages and books.

She also likes music.

She loves music.

She can play the violin a little.

violin `英  [vaɪə'lɪn; 'vaɪəlɪn]   美  [,vaɪə'lɪn]
n. 小提琴；小提琴手`

She doesn't like math.

Angela can't play the violin.

She can't play the piano.

But she can sing.

She can sing very well.

She and Lisa are both good singers.

They like to sing.

## Vocabulary

It's windy today.

The wind is blowing.

It's raining.

It is raining, so take an umbrella.

It's cloudy weather.

It's cloudy, so we can't see the sun.

It's cold today.

It's cold so wear a coat.

smog `英  [smɒg]   美  [smɑːɡ]
n. 烟雾`

It's smoggy, so wear a mask.

smoggy `美  ['smɔɡi]
adj. 烟雾弥漫的`

a black coat.

This coat is black.

a yellow umbrella.

This umbrella is yellow.

a blue scarf.

scarf `英  [skɑːf]   美  [skɑrf]
n. 围巾；嵌接，嵌接处；头巾领巾
vt. 披嵌接；用围巾围`

This is a blue scarf.

a brown hat.

brown ` 英  [braʊn]   美  [braʊn]
adj. 棕色的，褐色的；太阳晒黑的
vi. 变成褐色
n. 褐色，棕色
vt. 使变成褐色`

This hat is brown.

black gloves.

glove `英  [glʌv]   美  [ɡlʌv]
n. 手套`

These gloves are black.

sitting on a bench.

bench `英  [ben(t)ʃ]   美  [bɛntʃ]
n. 长凳；工作台；替补队员
vt. 给…以席位；为…设置条凳`

She's sitting on a bench.

standing in an elevator.

He's standing in an elevator.

pushing the door open.

She's pushing the door open.

pulling the door open.

She's pulling the door open.

sitting at a table.

He is sitting at a table.

go in to the bathroom.

come out of the bathroom.

## Dialogue

Good morning, Lisa.

Hi, Tom.

What's your first class?

My first class is math.

What's yours?

My first class is science.

What's your second class?

My second class is English.

Do you like your English teacher?

Yeath. She is a good teacher.

You have English class too, right?

Yes, I have English class.

When is your English class?

It's in the afternoon at 1:00.

I have math class at the same time.

Ok, Great after lunch.

What's your last class?

My last class is Chinese.

Me too.

So we are in the same class.

Great!

Ok, see you when class.

Do you know that man?

No, I don't know who he is.

Don't you?

No, I don't. Do you?

Yes, I do.

That's Albert Goalms.

Who is Albert Goalms.

He is a singer.

He's from Maxico, but he lives in Turkey.

Turkey `英  ['tɜːkɪ]   美  ['tɝki]
n. 土耳其（横跨欧亚两洲的国家）`

Oh, that's interesting.

It's yet a good singer?

Yes, I think so.

Ok, bye for now.

## Letters & Numberes

a bench

a shirt `衬衫`

a thumb

thumb `英  [θʌm]   美  [θʌm]
vt. 翻阅；以拇指拨弄；作搭车手势；笨拙地摆弄
vi. 用拇指翻书页；竖起拇指要求搭车
n. 拇指`

black

brown

a cloud

a dress `连衣裙`

a crosswalk `人行道`

shoes

a duck

a brain

brain `英  [breɪn]   美  [bren]
n. 头脑，智力；脑袋
vt. 猛击…的头部`

a piece of paper

piece `英  [piːs]   美  [pis]
n. 块；件；篇；硬币
vt. 修补；接合；凑合`

turn right

a line

a mouth

a crow

crow `n. [鸟] 乌鸦；鸡鸣`

quarter `英  ['kwɔːtə]   美  ['kwɔrtɚ]
n. 四分之一；地区；季度；一刻钟；两角五分；节
vi. 住宿；驻扎
vt. 将…四等分；供某人住宿
num. 四分之一`

8*5 `eight times five`

8/5 `eight divided by five`

8-2 `eight minus two`

minus `英  ['maɪnəs]   美  ['maɪnəs]
prep. 减，减去
n. 负号，减号；不足；负数
adj. 减的；负的`

8+2 `eight plus two`


