---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 2-Unit 1 3/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-11-05
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 2-Unit 1 3/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

The Jackson family lives in this apartment building.

Their apartment is on the 5th floor.

Behind the building is a pond and some trees.

In front of the building is the street.

If you look on the map, it's this street, 1st Avenue.

avenue `英  ['æv(ə)njuː]   美  ['ævənu]
n. 大街；林荫大道；[比喻](达到某物的)途径，手段，方法，渠道`

1st Avenue goes north to south.

direction `英  [dɪˈrɛkʃən; daɪ-]   美  [dəˈrɛkʃən; (also) daɪˈrɛkʃən]
n. 方向；指导；趋势；用法说明`

Their building is on the west side of the street.

Across the street is a small shopping center.

It's on the east side of the street.

You can buy food there, such as meat and vegetables.

You can also buy clothes and toys for kids.

There are many small shops in the shopping center.

On the east side of the street, there is a subway entrance.

entrance `英  ['entr(ə)ns]   美  ['ɛntrəns]
n. 入口；进入
vt. 使出神，使入迷`

It's about 20 meters north of the shopping center.

Lisa and her sister take the subway to  school.

Their parents also take the subway.

They take the subway to work.

They don't own a car.

A car is too expensive.

They don't have enough money for a car.

## Vocabulary

a crosswalk

These people are walking on a crosswalk.

a corner.

corner `英  ['kɔːnə]   美  ['kɔrnɚ]
n. 角落，拐角处；地区，偏僻处；困境，窘境
vi. 囤积；相交成角
vt. 垄断；迫至一隅；使陷入绝境；把…难住`

He is standing on a corner.

a traffic light

This is a red traffic light.

People walk on a side walk.

a street

We drive cars on a street.

restroom

These are public restrooms.

toilet `英  [ˈtɔɪlɪt]   美  ['tɔɪlət]
n. 厕所，盥洗室；梳妆，打扮
vi. 梳妆，打扮
vt. 给…梳妆打扮`

Here are some kinds of food.

Fruit.

Oranges and apples are both fruit.

Vegetables.

Corn and carrots are vegetables.

corn `玉米` carrot `胡萝卜`

meat

Chicken is an example of meat.

rice and potatoes

Rice is popular in Asia and potatoes are popular in Europe.

dessert `英  [dɪ'zɜːt]   美  [dɪ'zɝt]
n. 餐后甜点；甜点心`

desert `n. 沙漠；荒原`

Ice-cream and cakes are examples of desserts.

Here are some things to wear.

pant `英  [pæn(t)]   美  [pænt]
n. 裤子`

This is a pair of red pants.

a dress

Women and girls wear dresses.

a shirt

This is a purple shirt.

purple `英  ['pɜːp(ə)l]   美  ['pɝpl]
adj. 紫色的；帝王的；华而不实的
n. 紫色；紫袍`

a blouse

This is a pink blouse.

blouse `英  ['blaʊz]   美  [blaʊs]
n. 宽松的上衣；女装衬衫
vt. 使…宽松下垂
vi. 宽松下垂`

shoes

These are men's shoes.

## Dialogue

Do you want to have a lunch?

Yes, I do.

Where do you want to meet?

Let's meet in front of the subway.

Which entrance?

Let's meet at the south entrance.

It's on 1st avenue.

Where's on 1st avenue?

It's abou 15 meters north of the shopping center.

Ok? What's time do you want to meet?

Let's meet at 12:30, ok?

How about 12:45?

Ok. 12:45 is good.

What do you want to eat?

I don't know, what kind of food do you like?

How about pizza?

Sure. There is a good pizza restaurant in the shopping center.

OK. Let's go there for lunch.

Great. See you on 12:45.

ByeBye.

Excuse me.

Which way is the subway from here?

There are 2 subway stops near here.

Which line do you want?

I want line 10.

Go south on 1st avenue.

It's about 100 metere from here.

The subway entrance is on the east side of the street.

Which side are we on now?

We are on the west side.

So, 200 meters south, then cross the street, right?

Yes, that's right.

Thanks a lot.

You are welcome.

