---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 2-Unit 2 1/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-11-10
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 2-Unit 2 1/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

Dan is a pilot.

pilot `英  ['paɪlət]   美  ['paɪlət]
n. 飞行员；领航员
adj. 试点的
v. 驾驶；领航；试用`

He works for Global Airlines.

Global Airlines is an airline company.

Dan flies airplanes all over the world.

He is tall and he has brown hair.

He offten wears sun glasses.

glasses `英  ['glɑːsɪz]   美  ['glæsɪz]
n. [轻] 眼镜；玻璃（glass的复数形式）；双筒望远镜`

glass `英  [glɑːs]   美  [ɡlæs]
n. 玻璃；玻璃制品；镜子
vt. 反映；给某物加玻璃
vi. 成玻璃状`

Lisa is a student.

She has black hair.

She has a round face.

She's wearing a yellow dress.

Cathy lives in Canada.

She has three children.

Her husband is Paul.

She has brown hair and blue eyes.

This man is 65 years old.

He has 3 grandchildren.

He has a grey hair.

grey `英  [greɪ]   美  [ɡre]
adj. 灰色的；灰白的
vt. 使变成灰色；使变老
vi. 变成灰色；老化
n. 灰色`

gray `英  [greɪ]   美  [ɡre]
adj. 灰色的；苍白的；灰白头发的；阴郁的
n. 灰色；暗淡的光线
vi. 成为灰色或灰白
vt. 使成灰色或灰白`

He also has a grey beard.

beard `n. 胡须；颌毛`

He always wears glasses.

He wears glasses because he can't see very well.

This is Lisa's class schedule for today.

schedule `英  [ˈʃɛdjuːl]   美  ['skɛdʒul; (canadian) ˈʃɛdʒʊl; ˈʃɛdjʊl]
vt. 安排，计划；编制目录；将……列入计划表
n. 时间表；计划表；一览表`

She gets to school at 7:55.

Her first class starts at 8:00.

It's her math class.

It lasts for 50 minutes.

It finishes at 8:50.

She has a 10-minute bresk from 8:50 until 9:00.

Her second class starts at 9:00.

It finishes at 9:50.

Then she has another 10-minute break.

Her third and fouth classes go until 11:50.

She and her classmates have lunch at 12:00.

classmate `英  ['klɑːsmeɪt]   美  ['klæsmet]
n. 同班同学`

They eat at a cafeteria.

cafeteria `英  [kæfɪ'tɪərɪə]   美  [,kæfə'tɪrɪə]
n. 自助餐厅`

After lunch she has her first afternoon class.

It starts at 1:00 and finishes at 1:50.

Today it's here science class.

Her last class starts at 2:00 and finishes at 2:50.

After school, she walks to thte subway.

She get home around 3:45.

## Vocabulary

The girl is standing behind the boy.

The boy is standing in front of the girl.

This boy is standing behind a chair near the door.

Two women are standing next to each other.

They are talking to each other.

They are facing each other acroos a table.

They are sitting at a table near a window.

The boy is facing the stairs.

The girl is facing away from the stairs.

a mechanic

mechanic `英  [mɪ'kænɪk]   美  [mə'kænɪk]
n. 技工，机修工
adj. 手工的` 

A mechanic fixes cars.

doctors and nurses

Doctors and nurses help sick people.

a dentist. `n. 牙科医生
牙医诊所`

A dentist cleans and fixes teeth.

a salesperson

salesperson `英  ['seɪlzpɜːs(ə)n]   美  ['selzpɝsn]
n. 售货员
`

A salesperson sells things in a store.

a bank teller `n. 银行行员`

A bank teller works in a bank.

a waiter

A waiter works in a restaurant.

Waiters help people order food in a restaurant.

a bank

You can get money at a bank.

a hospital

Sick people go to a hospital.

There are many doctors and nurses in a hospital.

an office building

There are many office workers in an office building.

There are many offices in an office building.

an office

Office workers usually work in an office.

a hotel

Many people stay at a hotel.

You can get a room in a hotel.

## Dialogue

Excuse me, Is there a bank around here?

Yes, there is.

There is one in the shopping center.

Which way is the shoping center?

Go to end of the street and turn left.

From there it's about 50 meters.

When does the bank close?

I think it closes at 6:00.

Oh, it's almost six now.

It's 5:45, so you still have 15 minutes.

If you walk fast, you can get there.

The bank is next to a clothing store.

Thanks for your help.

You are welcome, good luck.

Do you know what time is this?

Sure, it's 10:45, why?

I don't see Steve at his office.

He's usually here by 9:30.

Do you know where he is?

Yes, I do. He's in a taxi.

He is on his way to the airport.

Why is he going to the airport?

He's going to meet a friend.

That's nice.

Do you know who it is?

Yes, I do. But it's a secret.

A secret?

Yes. So don't tell anyone.

I won't. Who is it?

Sorry, I can't tell you.

Is it a man or a woman?

Sorry, I can't tell you anything.

Steve doesn't want anyone to know she is here.

I see.


