---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 1-Unit 1 2/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-19
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 1-Unit 1 2/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is Dan.

Hello, my name is Dan.

Dan is a man.

This is Tina.

Hi, my name is Tina.

Tina is a woman.

This is Ben.

Hi, my name is Ben.

Ben is a boy.

This is Lisa.

Hello, my name is Lisa.

Lisa is a girl.

This is Dan. This is Ben.

Dan is a man and Ben is a boy.

This is Tina. This is Lisa.

Tina is a woman and Lia is a girl.

This man's name is Dan. D-a-n

This woman's name is Tina. T-i-n-a

This boy's name is Ben. B-e-n

This girl's name is Lisa. L-i-s-a

his

her

Here are three people.

Which person is a boy?

Which person is a woman?

Is this pereson a woman?

Is this person a girl?

This person's name is Dan.

This person's name is Lisa.

Here are theree countries, France, Japan and Canada.

Canada `英  ['kænədə]   美  ['kænədə]
n. 加拿大（北美洲国家）`

France `英  [frɑːns]
n. 法国；法郎士（姓氏）`

## Vocabulary

This is a door.

This is a chair.

This is a key.

This is a desk.

This is a cellphone.

Where is the desk?

Where is the door?

Where is the cellphone?

This is a window.

These are stairs.

This is a book.

This is a pencil.

This is a pen.

Where is the pencil?

Where is the window?

Where is the pen?

a bathroom. This is a bathroom.

bathroom `英  ['bɑːθruːm; -rʊm]   美  ['bæθrum]
n. 浴室；厕所；盥洗室`

an elevator. This is an elevator.

elevator `英  ['elɪveɪtə]   美  ['ɛlɪvetɚ]
n. 电梯；升降机；升降舵；起卸机`

a clock. This is a clock.

a watch. This is a watch.

a hand. This is a hand.

a bathroom. b-a-t-h-r-o-o-m

an elevator. e-l-e-v-a-t-o-r

a clock. c-l-o-c-k

a watch. w-a-t-c-h

a hand. h-a-n-d

This is a bathroom.

This is an elevator.

This is a hand.

Sit down

Stand up

close the door

open the door

pick up the keys

put down the keys

go up the stairs `上楼`

go down the stairs `下楼`

put up your hand

put down your hand

open the book

close the book

## Dialogue

Here are two people, a man and a woman.

Hello, my name is Dan.

What is your name?

Hello, Dan. My name is Tina.

Tina?

Yes, my name is Tina.

What is his name?

What are their names?

Their names ara Dan and Tina.

And your name is Dan, right?

Yes, my name is Dan. D-a-n

It's nice to meet you, Dan.

It's nice to meet you, Tina.

It is = It's

Who is that?

What is his name?

His name is Ken.

Ken?

Yes, his name is Ken. K-e-n

Who is that?

Her name is Kim.

Tina, this is Ken.

Ken, this is Tina.

Hi, Tina, it's nice to meet you.

Dan, this is Kim.

Kim, this is Dan.

Hi, Dan, it's nice to meet you.

Hi, Kim, it's nice to meet you, too.


