---
layout:     post
title:      "Lesson 1-Unit 2 1/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-23
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 1-Unit 2 1/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

Here are two people.

The person on the left is a man.

His name is Dan.

The person on the right is a woman.

Her name is Tina.

Here are two countries.

The country on the left is India.

India is an Asian country.

Asian `英  ['eiʃən]   美  [ˈeʒən, ˈeʃən]
n. 亚洲人
adj. 亚洲的；亚洲人的`

The country on the right is Brazil.

Brazil `英  [brə'zil]   美  [brə'zil]
n. 巴西（拉丁美洲国家）`

Brazil is in South America.

It isn't an Asian country.

Here are three cities, Beijing, Shanghai and Tokyo.

Tokyo `英  [ˈtəʊkjəʊ]   美  ['tokjo]
n. 东京（日本首都）`

Beijing and Shanghai are both in China.

Tokyo is in Japan.

Beijing and Shanhai are in the same country China.

Tokyo is in a different country from Shanghai.

This boy's name is Ben Harris.

His first name is Ben.

His last name is Harris.

Ben is from Canada.

He's 12 years old.

This girl's name is Lisa Jackson.

Her first name is Lisa.

Her last name is Jackson.

Lisa's from the US.

She's 12 years old.

Ben and Lisa come from different countries.

She is from the US and he is from Canada.

They are both 12 years old.

They are the same age.

## Vocabulary

an open door

This door is open.

a closed door

This door is closed.

an open window

This window is open

a closed window

This window is closed.

a long pencil

This pencil is long.

a short pencil

This pencil is short.

a red book

This book is red.

a green book

This book is green

a big chair

This chair is big.

a little chair

This chair is little.

a tall man

This man is tall.

a short man

This man is short.

o-p-e-n

c-l-o-s-e-d

a long pencil. l-o-n-g

a short pencil. s-h-o-r-t

r-e-d

g-r-e-e-n

b-i-g

l-i-t-t-l-e

a tall man. t-a-l-l

a short man. s-h-o-r-t

read a book

write your name

study science

science `英  ['saɪəns]   美  ['saɪəns]
n. 科学；技术；学科；理科`

stand in a line

sit in a circle

ask a question

## Dialogue

Good afternoon, Tina.

Good afternoon, Dan.

Do you know that man over there?

No, I don't.

I don't know who he is.

Do you know?

No, I don't either. `我也不知道。`

Hi, I'm Dan.

Hi, I'm Albert Gomans.

It's nice to meet you.

Where are are you from, Albert?

I'm from Macito, but I live in Turkey.

Mexico `英  ['meksɪkəʊ]   美  ['mɛksɪko]
n. 墨西哥`

Turkey `英  ['tɜːkɪ]   美  ['tɝki]
n. 土耳其（横跨欧亚两洲的国家）`

Turkey? Where do you live in Turkey?

I live in Istanbul.

Istanbul `英  [,istæn'bu:l; is'tɑ:mbul]  美  [ˌɪstænˈbul, -tɑn-, ɪˈstɑnbʊl]
n. 伊斯坦布尔（土耳其城市）`

Istanbul? It is a beautiful city.

Yes, it is.

I like livig there.

Excuse me?

May I ask you some questions?

Sure.

Thanks. What's your name?

My name is Lisa Jackon.

How do you spell you name?

spell `英  [spel]   美  [spɛl]
vt. 拼，拼写；意味着；招致；拼成；迷住；轮值
n. 符咒；一段时间；魅力
vi. 拼字；轮替`

My first name is Lisa. L-i-s-a

My last name is Jackson. J-a-c-k-s-o-n

How old are you, Lisa?

I'm 12 years old.

Where are you from?

I come from the US.

Do you live in the US?

No, I don't.

I live in China.

Really?

Where do you live in China?

I live in Shanghai.

Are you a student there?

Yes, I'm a student.

Can you speak Chinese?

Yes, I can speak Chinese.

Tha't great.

Thank yo, Lisa.

