---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 2-Unit 1 1/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-28
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 2-Unit 1 1/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is the Jackson's family.

It's a family a full.

Bill and Helon are the parents.

They have two children.

Both of their children are girls.

They don't have any boys.

Lisa is the oldest of the girls.

She is 12 years old.

Angela is the youngest.

youngest `英  ['jʌŋɡɪst]   美  ['jʌŋɡist]
n. 最小的儿子；年纪最小的人
adj. 最年轻的`

She is nine.

They also have a dog.

Its name is Jumper.

Its name is Jumper because he likes to jump.

Jumper can jump rope.

rope `英  [rəʊp]   美  [rop]
n. 绳，绳索
vt. 捆，绑
vi. 拧成绳状`

The Jackson family lives in Shanghai.

They live in a large apartment building.

Their apartment building has many apartments.

Their apartment is on the 5th floor.

They usually take the elevator to the 5th floor.

Sometimes the elevator doesn't work.

Then they take the stairs.

There are many trees outside their apartment building.

There is also a small pond.

pond `英  [pɒnd]   美  [pɑnd]
vt. 筑成池塘
vi. 筑成池塘
n. 池塘`

Inside the pond are fish and frogs.

Lisa and Angela like to feed the fish.

feed `英  [fiːd]   美  [fid]
vt. 喂养；供给；放牧；抚养（家庭等）；靠…为生
vi. 吃东西；流入
n. 饲料；饲养；（动物或婴儿的）一餐`

There is also a family of ducks.

There are two adult ducks and 5 baby ducks.

adult `英  ['ædʌlt; ə'dʌlt]   美  ['ædʌlt]
adj. 成年的；成熟的
n. 成年人`

duck `英  [dʌk]   美  [dʌk]
n. 鸭子；鸭肉`

Lisa and Angela like to watch the ducks.

The baby ducks are getting bigger each day.

## Vocabulary

a tall tree.

This tree is tall and green.

a river.

This river is long.

a pond.

Fish and frogs live in this pond.

a ocean.

We can't drink ocean water.

ocean `英  ['əʊʃ(ə)n]   美  ['oʃən]
n. 海洋；大量；广阔`

a mountain.

Some mountains are very high.

mountain `英  [ˈmaʊntən]   美  [ˈmaʊntn]
n. 山；山脉`

a forest.

A forest has many trees.

This river has clean water.

a little dog.

This little dog is walking.

a sleeping cat.

This cat is sleeping.

Two birds are in a tree.

These two birds are in a tree.

a frog.

This frog lives in a pond.

a family of ducks.

This is a family of ducks.

a little dog.

This little dog is walking.

a black and white cat.

This cat is sleeping.

a bird.

Birds can fly.

a frog.

This frog lives in a pond.

ducks.

This is a family of ducks.

on the table.

The keys are on the table.

under the table.

There is a white ball under the table.

between

The boy is standing between the two girls.

next to

The keys are next to the green book.

inside

The boy is standing inside the circle.

outside

The girl is standing outside the circle.

walk up.

He is walking up some staris.

walk down.

She is walking down some stairs.

look out.

She is looking out the window.

go to.

They are going to the door.

come from

He is coming from the door.

## Dialogue

Hello, my name is Lisa Jackson.

This is my family.

My parents are both teachers.

My sister and I are both students.

We go to the same school.

We also have a dog.

Its name is Jumper.

My sister and I really like Jumper.

My parents are not Chinese.

But we live in China.

We live in Shanghai.

I can speak Chinese fairly well, and so can my sister.

fairly `英  ['feəlɪ]   美  ['fɛrli]
adv. 相当地；公平地；简直`

We like living in China.

I like the people here.

Do you have any questions?

First question, How do you spell your family name.

My family name is Jackson. J-a-c-k-s-o-n

Thanks, How old are you?

I'm 12 years old.

Do you like your school?

Yes, I do. It's a good school.

What time do you and your sister go to school?

We go to school at 8:00.

What time do you come home from school.

We come home around 4:00.

What language do you speak at home?

We speak English at home.

Thank you, Lisa.

You are welcome.

Hi, I'm Lisa's father, Bill.

This is my wife, Halon.

Yes. Bill is my husband, and we have two daughters.

husband `英  ['hʌzbənd]   美  ['hʌzbənd]
vt. 节约地使用（或管理）
n. 丈夫`

daughter `英  ['dɔːtə]   美  ['dɔtɚ]
n. 女儿；[遗][农学] 子代
adj. 女儿的；子代的`

Lisa is our oldest daughter.

She's 12.

Angela is our youngest daughter.

She is 9.

My husband and I are both teachers.

I teach children and he teaches university students.

university `英  [juːnɪ'vɜːsɪtɪ]   美  [,junɪ'vɝsəti]
n. 大学；综合性大学；大学校舍`

Yes, we both teach English.

He teaches in the afternoon and evening.

And she teaches in the morning and afternoon.

Do you have any questions?

Can you both speak Chinese?

Yes, a little, but it didn't very good.

Our two daughters speak Chinese fairly well.

Do you both take Chinese classes?

Yes, but we don't go to a school.

We study online.

I study a little bit everyday.

Thank you.

You are welcome.

