---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 1-Unit 1 4/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-10-21
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 1-Unit 1 4/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

This is Dan.

Hello, my name is Dan.

Dan is a man.

I come from the US.

This is Tina.

Hi, my name is Tina.

Tina is a woman.

She comes from China.

This is Ben.

Ben is from Canada.

He isn't from the US.

This is Lisa.

She comes from the US.

She and Dan are from the US.

They come from the same country.

Here are three cities.

This city is San Francisco.

This city is Beijing.

This city is London.

San Francisco is in the US.

Beijing is in China.

London is in England.

Tina is from China.

She lives in Beijing.

Ben is from Canada.

He lives in Toronto.

Toronto `英  [təˈrɒntəʊ]   美  [tə'rɑnto]
n. 多伦多（加拿大城市）`

## Vocabulary

go into the bathroom

come out of the bathroom

go into the elevator.

come out of the elevator.

wait for the elevator.

She is coming out of the elevator.

He is going into the bathroom.

She is waiting for the elevator.

Here are two hands.

This is a foot.

Here are two feet.

This is an arm.

This is a leg.

go up the stairs.

go down the stairs.

put up your hand

put down your hand

open the book

close the book

turn left

turn right

go straight

stop

turn around

sunny weather

rainy weather

cloudy weather

cold weather

hot weather

## Dialogue

Hi, Tina.

How are you, today?

I'm fine, thanks.

How are you?

I'm fine. It's nice to see you.

I am = I'm

Hello, is this Tina?

Hi, yes, this is Tina.

Who is this?

It's Dan.

Oh, hi Dan. How are you today?

I'm fine, thanks.

How are you?

I am fine.

Hi, Dan, How is the weather there?

It's fine.

It's sunny and warm.

Good, the weather here is good, too.

How is the weather today?

It's raining.

Really? It's sunny here.

Well, Have a good day.

Thanks, you too.

How is = How's

It is = It's

Who is she?

That's Kim.

Where is she from?

She's from Korea.

Does she live there?

Yes, she does.

She lives in Seoul.

Seoul `英  [səʊl]   美  [sol]
n. 汉城，首尔（韩国首都）`

South Korea

North Korea

Hi, my name is Dan.

I am from the US.

Where are you from?

Hi, my name is Tina.

I'm from China.

Where do you live?

I live in Beijing.

How about you?

I live in San Francisco.

Where do you live?

