---
layout:     post
title:      "Level 2-Unit 1 4/5"
subtitle:   "英语流利说 - 懂你英语"
date:       2016-11-07
author:     "StuartHua"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2016.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - 英语流利说
---

# Level 2-Unit 1 4/5

<!-- more -->

## Listening

The Jackson's live in a nice apartment.

It's a nice building.

It's also expensive.

expensive `英  [ɪk'spensɪv; ek-]   美  [ɪk'spɛnsɪv]
adj. 昂贵的；花钱的`

The apartment isn't theirs.

They don't own it.

Another person owns it.

That person is the owner of the apartment.

The Jacksons rent it from the owner.

That means they pay money to the owner.

The Jacksons pay rent every month.

Their rent is about 30% of their income.

income `英  ['ɪnkʌm]   美  ['ɪnkʌm]
n. 收入，收益；所得`

Fortunately they both have a job.

fortunately `英  [ˈfɔːtʃənətli]   美  ['fɔrtʃənətli]
adv. 幸运地`

They have two incomes.

Together their salaries are enough to live.

salary `英  ['sælərɪ]   美  ['sæləri]
vt. 给...加薪；给...薪水
n. 薪水`

But they don't have enough money for a car.

The Jacksons has many expenses.

expense `英  [ɪk'spens; ek-]   美  [ɪk'spɛns]
n. 损失，代价；消费；开支
vt. 向…收取费用
vi. 被花掉`

Their largest expense is the rent.

It's about 30% of their income.

The second largest expense is for their children's education.

education `英  [edjʊ'keɪʃ(ə)n]   美  [,ɛdʒu'keʃən]
n. 教育；培养；教育学`

Their schools are not free.

They pay for their kids to go to school.

Their other expense includes food and clothes.

They also save some money every month.

They save about 10% of their income.

They put this money in the bank.

## Vocabulary

a bus stop

People get on a bus at a bus stop.

a train station

People get on a train at a train station.

a taxi stand

People wait for a taxi at a taxi stand.

a subway entrance

A subway stop has several entrances.

an airport

airport `英  ['eəpɔːt]   美  ['ɛr'pɔrt]
n. 机场；航空站`

Airplanes take off and land at an airport.

People go to an airport to catch their plane.

eyes

We use our eyes to see things.

ears

Our ears are on the left and right of our head.

a nose

Our nose is below our eyes and above our mouth.

a mouth

mouse `n. 老鼠` mice `n. 老鼠`

Our mouth is below our nose.

hands

We use our hands to pick up things.

brain

Our brain is inside our head.

We think with our brains.

It's morning.

People get up in the morning and the day begins.

It's afternoon.

People eat lunch in the afternoon.

It's evening.

People eat dinner in the evening.

It's night.

At night people go to bed.

It's daytime.

It's light during the day because the sun is up.

It's night-time.

It's dark in the night because the sun is down.

Our day begins in the morning and ends at night.

## Dialogue

Good afternoon, may I help you?

Yes, I am looking for a summer dress.

Do you want a long dress or a short dress?

I want something short, but not too short.

What about color?

Do you have a favorite color?

favorite `英  ['feɪvərɪt]   美  ['fevərɪt]
n. 幸运儿；喜欢的事物；特别喜欢的人
adj. 最喜爱的；中意的；宠爱的`

I like blue.

Do you have a blue dress?

Yes, we have several blue dresses.

May I see them?

Sure, please come with me.

Here are two short blue dresses.

I like this one.

How much is it?

It's usually 100 dollers, but it's on sale today.

on sale `廉价出售；贱价抛售`

So how much is it today?

I can give you a 20% discount.

discount `英  ['dɪskaʊnt]   美  [dɪs'kaʊnt]
n. 折扣；贴现率
vi. 贴现；打折扣出售商品
vt. 打折扣；将…贴现；贬损；低估；忽视`

So that's $80, right?

Yes, do you want to try it on?

Yes, where can I put it on?

There is a dressing room over there.

How does it fit?

fit `英  [fɪt]   美  [fɪt]
vt. 安装；使……适应；使……合身；与……相符
vi. 符合，配合；适合；合身
adj. 健康的；合适的；恰当的；准备好的
n. 合身；发作；痉挛`

It fits well.

You look beautiful.

Thanks, but it's still too expensive.

Can you give me a lower price?

Sorry, I am afraid not.

That was the lowest price I can give you.

How about the other dress?

It'a a little more expensive, It's $120.

Is it on sale?

No, I am afraid not.

Well, I really like this dress.

Ok, Eighty dollars is a good price for it.

Ok, I'll buy it.

Can you pay with cash?

No, I want to use my credit card.

Sure, no problem. We take all credit cards.

Great.


